[FOLDERS]
1. `\templates` is generated by case_utils ontology and sub-ontologies alone.
2. `others\uco-standalone` is generated by generate.py for a specific uco directory, version = '0.9.0'
3. `others\case-standalone` same as above but for a specific case directory with no uco ontology loaded
4. `others\case-uco` is generated by two specified ontology directories, uco version: '0.9.0' and case version: '0.7.0'
5. `others\case-caseutils` is generated by a specified case ontology directory with case_utils loading a uco ontology. (unsure of version.)
6. any folder name that ends with `-short` is the short stub of the above [1-5] folders.


[INSTALL & SETUP]:
1. `pip install -r requirements.txt`


[USAGE/RUN]
  - generate.py [-o: default: uses case_util's case ontology and sub ontologies,-s:Optional[],--output:default="templates", -a:default = False, -t:default = False]
    - "-o", ontology directory or string of directories delimited by "," , required.
    - "-s", specify a class by name that has at least one property, Optional. The name must be conventional to the original vocabulary eg. observable, tool, action, etc.
    - "--output", specify a specific directory to put the stubs, Optional, default = "templates"
    - "-a" True/False whether to allow case_utils to load in uco or not. The generated object will differ depending on what is within the graph. default = False.
    - "-t" True/False whether to generate a short stub (True) or full stub (False). default = False


[EXAMPLES]

generate all case and uco objects from case_utils alone:
```
python generate.py
```

<<<<<<< HEAD
generate a specific case object
1. `python generate.py -t True -s investigation:Authorization`

=======
generate all uco objects from a specific ontology dir
```
python generate.py -o ../UCO-master/ontology --output "uco-standalone"
```

generate all case objects from a specific ontology dir without loading a specific uco ontology
```
python generate.py -o ../CASE/ontology --output "case-standalone"
```

generate all case and uco objects from the specified ontology dirs
```
python generate.py -o ../UCO-master/ontology,../CASE/ontology --output "case-uco"
```

generate a specific case object from a specific ontology dir without loading a specific uco ontology
```
python generate.py -o ../CASE/ontology --output "case-standalone" -s investigation:Authorization
```

generate all case objects from a specific ontology dir with caseutil loading an uco ontology of its default choice.
```
python generate.py -o ../CASE/ontology --output "case-caseutil" -a True
```
>>>>>>> 1cf0704b4d91e28e19ff423476c27beef00905af


<<<<<<< HEAD
Folders:
1. `\templates` is generated by case_utils ontology and sub-ontologies alone.
6. any folder name that ends with `-short` is the short stub.
=======
append "-t True" to generate the short stub instead of the full stub. Eg.
```
python generate.py -o ../UCO-master/ontology,../CASE/ontology --output "case-uco" -t True
```

[OUTPUT]: json-ld file with additional @version key for what version of case and case_utils generated the file.

>>>>>>> 1cf0704b4d91e28e19ff423476c27beef00905af


[NOTE]
1. we load the ontology ttl files directly, implying the graph is blank. The uco ontology can be loaded via case_utils load_subclass_hierarchy. Because it loads the uco ontology as well, some of the uco ontology will be generated too due to it being present in the triple preprocessing.

2. in `generate.py`, there is another 'obs_prefix' commented out which uses the direct uco ontology prefixes instead of being padded with "uco-", use it you want a stand-alone uco object with its original vocabulary prefixes: eg. case uses "uco-core" while the uco ontology uses "core".

3. The code queries the graph for all triples with sh:property and sh:path to build the entire list, therefore classes that do not have direct properties (properties not from superclass inheritence) will not be geneated using the `--short True` flag. By default, the flag is set to `--short False` which additionally tries to pull triples that declare a subclass from a superclass, thereby adding superclass properties to the stub.
